Components: Improve information architecture (#58)
OpenDataServices/os4d: docs/components/communication_channels.md

# Communication channels

## Summary

Used to communicate with implementers, users and other stakeholders.

## Description

Different communication channels suit different audiences and content types, for example:

* A *blog* that is regularly updated can provide updates to the community, resources for them to refer back to, and act as a 'shop window' for the standard, demonstrating that it is maintained and used.

> * Public *microblogging services* such as Twitter, Tumblr and Instagram allow a standard to communicate little and often, and to engage with their communities in a relateable way. Some open communities already have a strong presence on microblogging sites, so the friction for engagement is reduced.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Public *social media channels* such as a LinkedIn page allow a standard to communicate little and often, and to engage with their communities in a relateable way. Some open communities already have a strong presence on microblogging sites, so the friction for engagement is reduced.

```

Appreciate this has been copied over without a recent edit. 

The term "microblogging" is outdated - Twitter has been renamed X and is quite controversial now and Instagram/Tumblr probably wouldn't be appropriate for this sort of comms.

> * An *email list* is a widely-accessible and low-cost way for a group to hold discussions, and many email list providers offer a public archive service so that accountability is maintained. Standards often have a discussion list and a separate announcement list, so that members can choose how involved they want to be. The asynchronous nature of email lists allows users to be involved as regularly or infrequently as they prefer. However, some users are reticent to post to public email lists for fear of appearing foolish or having their words during their learning being recorded.

Reviewer: Are public email lists still common practice? This isn't something I have come across

Author: Good question. So as not to block this PR, I've created an issue where we can discuss it: https://github.com/OpenDataServices/os4d/issues/59

## Prioritisation factors

* Blogs: Where a wide audience is sought

> * Microblogging: If there is a community of potential adopters who already use a particular microblogging service

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Social media: If there is a community of potential adopters who already use a particular social media platform
```

* Email lists:
    - In the early stages of a standard
    - If a public archive of discussions is important
    - If key people in the development of the standard are comfortable with public email lists

## Deprioritisation factors

* Blogs: If there isn't the resource available to make regular updates.

> * Microblogging: If the time, people or infrastructure required to make regular updates is not available

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Social media: If the time, people or infrastructure required to make regular updates is not available
```
